(FIXED) 1. [flipping ink is implemented now, but see 11.]
    In the address book example example, the input cursor when typing
    and erasing characters is not getting removed properly, leaving a
    trace.

(FIXED) 2. [see clim-fix.lisp]
    Also, the presentation highlighting rectangle leaves traces if
    antialiasing is enabled.

(FIXED) 3.
    The text cursor does not show the correct horizontal position in climacs.

(FIXED) 4.
    Menus appear but do not really work.  Worth fixing, even though we
    would rather want native menus in the long term.

(FIXED) 5a. [but see 8.]
    Colored buttons (clim-fig) are missing.

5b.
    the slider needs tick marks

(FIXED) 5c.
    Inheriting from the standard gadget panes is bogus anyway, we should
    build them from scratch.

(FIXED) 5d.
    Default gadget values aren't being used.

(FIXED) 6.
    [Address book didn't work on windows.]

(FIXED) 6b.
    On windows, something draws gray ink over the buttons in demodemo
    after expose events.  This should not happen, since the gtkbuttons
    are in a gtkfixed with its own window.  Thorough double buffering
    of all output seems to be a viable workaround though.

6c.
    On windows, all we get is a sans serif font.  No serif and notably
    no monospace font, breaking climacs like bug 3 did.

(WONTFIX) 7a. [fixed for draw-rectangle, good enough for now]
    flipping ink takes time proportional to the with the size of the
    window, not with the size of the shape being drawn

(FIXED) 7b. (problem appears to be gone with double buffering)
    flipping ink pixmap caching is broken on windows

7c.
    text drawing is noticably slower than with CLX

8.
    The frontend specifies background colors (*3d-normal-color*) where
    the gtk theme should take precedence.

(FIXED) 9.
    Sometimes repaint seems to draw again without clearing the window
    first.  For example, the header in demodemo gets darker with every
    repaint, until the originally antialiased text looks really crappy.
    (Now that mouse movement doesn't trigger repaints anymore this is
    harder to reproduce, but sometimes it can still be triggered.)

10.
    Somewhere global mouse coordinates aren't turned into local
    coordinates correctly.  (Watch the Drag&Drop test not work unless
    the window is in the upper left corner of the screen.)

(FIXED) 11.
    The new flipping ink implementation is buggy, it produces garbage
    output in some cases.

(FIXED) 12.
    In the address book, there are often wide grey borders instead of
    the narrow black ones.

(WONTFIX) 13.
    McCLIM seems to think that things like button panes have a maximum
    size equal to their preferred size.  I don't agree and return the
    default gtk size as space-requirement :width and :height without
    giving a maximum or minimum size at all.  Naturally, the existing
    demos look a little, erm, different with that.

(FIXED?) 14.
    Climacs doesn't draw itself until the window is resized.

(FIXED) 15.
    The text cursor does not show the correct vertical position in climacs.

(FIXED?) 16.
    Scroll panes are now native widgets, but don't really behave.  The
    scroll test works a little, many other examples don't.  See comment
    in update-scrollbar-adjustment.

17.
    There's a commented-out method on TRANSFORM-REGION for DESIGN in
    design.lisp.  See comment there.  clim-fix tried to reinstate it,
    but that doesn't work for gsharp when drawing ellipses.  Find out
    what this is all about.

(WONTFIX) 18. [see 7a, good enough for now]
    Flipping ink optimization: As suggested by Gilbert, make the temporary
    pixmap just large enough for the clipping region and the currently
    visible part of a (scrolled) sheet.  Right now we're copying the
    entire window around, which seems excessive.

(FIXED) 19.
   Key press events for modifier keys don't have the corresponding
   modifier bit set; key release events do.  This is opposite to what
   CLIM-CLX does.

(NOTABUG) 20.
   Very nasty duplicate keyboard events when typing in the listener.

21.
   Copy&paste needs to be implemented.

22.
   medium-draw-ellipse* needs a rewrite.

23.
   Beirc problem: When connecting to a server, the first receiver pane
   is created, and suddenly the windows gets unusably large, hiding the
   interactor.  Replacing the :min-height 800 in receivers.lisp with
   :min-height 400 :max-height 400 fixes that, but CLX doesn't have the
   same problem.

24.
   Weird problem in the text size test with the drei gadget in the label
   pane: Resizing ends up resizing the one-line drei gadget, and doesn't
   even do it in one step.  Instead, it enlarges itself in a smooth
   animation, taking several seconds to stabilize.
